My name is Prakash Bhavan and I am an
ICICI Lombard travel insurance
policy holder. I had purchased the
travel insurance with the card number
2020 a day before the
policy was made. The
result of this was that I had to apply for a visa. There is a
requirement in English between the agencies that if you want to do this then
you should have the facility to qualify for 90. While
interviewing this, I
subscribed to this policy. It covers if I
appoint someone and
both of them are real. If I do not get a visa
or if there is any problem then can
I cancel it or not. So
I confirmed this thing dozens of times with my agent
and he
told me that you can cancel your policy
and if you
take our and your policy, this travel
insurance will cover you and your actress also.
So I bought the insurance back and
you can see this on my screen, this
document of my policy here.  There
is a suggestion that if there is any misrepresentation between you
then you
can also cancel your policy from Vinay, so
after taking this policy I prepared all my documents and
submitted them to the embassy and I got
an email from the embassy and they
told me that my documents are complete,
I called the
embassy and I wanted to know whether my
documents are complete, so the
country set that your policy is
not covering typing, that is,
after the recorder, the letter is a bit
cover letter from them, they tweeted the
bank loan from the company with the cheese current policy and you have to
submit it, so when I went ahead,
they submitted the policy document on prompt appointment, it is
not written anywhere in my document that
we cover, which I had already given
notice to my members before doing, I had already given a
request to surrender my policy
that I have to cancel my policy because it has been done
with me at midnight,
now you  You can see that I
made a complaint here, I called Cement Immediate
Debit on customer support and
I told them my situation and they
gave me each cancellation number,
see this is
my polish cancellation number, so
they said that you have to send an email,
submit your policy document and cancellation checkup, your
payment will be returned to you, see,
I sent this to them today on 28th August itself, I
want my cancellation and this is
against my policy, I am troubled for a long time,
I have been trying for a long time on Twitter via email
that I am following up with them
that my money, my amount should be
returned to me, but
you too will be successful with this, only reason today is
making this video, the thing I want to tell is that
if you also face any such
problem related to the policy
or national icon, it is related to
life travel or chair chair chair any  Even if it has happened then
our Indian Government has made the
best offer that they have
provided you with a decision that you
can get it from igims.irda.gov.in that
now by going here and competing legal way
if any torrent company of yours is not
listening to you then for 15 days firstly
IRDA itself tells you to
talk to your insurance company for 15 days but
if they do not listen to you then there is one option
that you can go to ID and complain,
my condition is more than 25
and it has been 25 days but
I am in a lot of problem, I am facing a lot of trouble,
I am not able to do my
policy and my Taimur is not coming to the office
every time some different images are coming from there,
they are asking for my review letter
which I do not have because my
sir was also not rejected it is a strong hold
and they are asking for the review letter
which my policy company does
not provide me, so today I would like to tell you this and that
How do you file a complaint in IRDA?
The legal Bhedruk
government website is a website, you
can see it here, you can log in by dialing any number on your phone like
PAN card, LINE, Voter ID card, Ration
card and password and
entering your date of birth.
After logging in,
you will see this option here.
What option do you have here, click here or
register registration against anti.
After clicking, you will
see this, this is a government website, so
you will not have any problem
that your information is
not being taken, so you can
submit it by entering your information here in this secure form
and as you submit it completely,
you are submitting it to the government. You must know that
if you submit it here, then
maybe your policy company office will tell
them, basically this is what I have
made the video for. Today I am making this video
so that I can tell all of you who like me,
if you have any problem with any policy company or any other
private or non-
private company in any way.  If you are getting any link
and you are facing any problem related to this
then you can go to IRD
or life insurance and
you will get all the options of life insurance and you
submit your details here, so you must have liked
this video of mine
and you must have understood
how easy it is to file a complaint in IIT and it is better if you
go on legal basis to the
government, first talk to your employer,
if the insurance companies also do not
listen to them, talk to them on email or phone, whichever
option seems better to you, if they do not
listen then this option is always available to you,
so come now if you liked this video then
you must have got good information about
how you can go in this saree